# What is your role in conquering security concerns as a developer? What might that involve?
My role in conquering security concerns as a developer is to minimize risk where possible.  This also includes reducing technical debt caused by poor implementation in the past.  This responsibility might involve doing peer code reviews or creating guidelines for best practice within my organization.

# Where does security fall within the software stack and development life cycle?
Security is present in all elements of the software stack and development life cycle.  Within the presentation layer (frontend), we have the ability to do some very light security controls which will prevent users from performing most malicious activities with the GUI of our application; however, additional layers of security are needed.  The application layer (backend) should contain most of the logic and security controls of our application.  It is here were the most care should be taken to ensure secure practices.  Even the persistent layer (database) security can be enforced.  Most databases have an insecure out-of-the-box configuration so there is a lot that can be done in this department.  In terms of the software development lifecycle, security should be considered as early as possible to mitigate any additional costs that refactoring the code or disaster recovery may incur.  This includes the application design phase, development/deployment, code review, and pen testing.

# How might you add security measures to transform a DevOps pipeline into a DevSecOps pipeline?
You can automate a lot of aspects of a CI/CD DevSecOps pipeline.  For instance, at my place of employment we have integrated code gates into our build pipeline which alert developers to vulnerabilities/misconfigurations during the development and testing phases.  Recently, it is even going as far as requiring developers to address these before continuing with further development or deploying to higher environments.  This helps to address the issue before the most costly phases, pen testing and in production.

# The article suggests creating and following a plan to secure the entire DevOps life cycle. What is included in the suggested plan and would you recommend following it?
I think that it is important to recall agile practices when thinking about security.  It is important to know that you can go back and remediate vulnerabilities in the early stages of application development because this is the least impact a security flaw will have on the application.  It is also important to have as many eyes on your application as possible to ensure that potential flaws in security and logic are addressed.  With that being said, the impact of this increases by magnitudes depending on the importance of the application or the sensitivity of the data that the application processes.
