# Gravitational Wave Peeps from EMRIs and their Implication for LISA Signal Confusion Noise
Scattering events around a supermassive black hole will occasionally toss a stellar-mass compact object into an orbit around the supermassive black hole, beginning an extreme mass ratio inspiral. The early stages of such a highly eccentric orbit will not produce detectable gravitational waves as the source will only be in a suitable frequency band briefly when it is close to periapsis during each long-period orbit. This burst of emission, firmly in the millihertz band is the gravitational wave peep. While a single peep is not likely to be detectable, if we consider an ensemble of such subthreshold sources, spread across the universe, together they produce an unresolvable background noise that may obscure sources otherwise detectable by the Laser Interferometer Space Antenna, the proposed space-based gravitational wave detector. Previous studies of the extreme mass ratio burst signal confusion background focused more on parabolic orbits going very near the supermassive black hole and on events near the galactic center. We seek to improve this characterization by implementing numerical kludge waveforms that can calculate highly eccentric orbits with relativistic effects focusing on orbits which are farther away from the supermassive black hole and thus less likely to be detectable on their own, but will otherwise contribute to the background signal confusion noise. Here we present the waveforms and spectra of the gravitational wave peeps generated from recent calculations of extreme mass ratio inspirals/bursts capture parameters and discuss how these can be used to estimate the signal confusion noise generated by such events.

# Improved Modeling of Highly Eccentric EMRI Signal Confusion Noise for LISA
Scattering events around a supermassive black hole (SMBH) will occasionally toss a stellar-mass compact object into an orbit around the SMBH, beginning what is known as an extreme mass ratio inspiral (EMRI). The early stages of such a highly eccentric EMRI will not produce detectable gravitational waves because the source will only be in a suitable frequency band briefly (close to peribothron) during each long-period orbit. However, if we consider an ensemble of such subthreshold sources, spread across the Universe, together they produce an unresolvable background noise that may obscure sources otherwise detectable by LISA, the proposed space-based gravitational wave detector. Previous studies of this EMRI signal confusion background used a Newtonian order approximation. We seek to improve this characterization by implementing numerical kludge waveforms from relativistic population models …

# Modeling Equatorial EMRI Orbital Evolution using Semi-Relativistic and Teukolsky Calculations
As a result of radiation damping, extreme mass ratio inspirals (EMRIs) will decay from highly eccentric, long period capture orbits to eventually produce gravitational waves detectable by the proposed LISA mission just not long before they reach the last stable orbit (LSO) just before plunge. Rather than rely on Newtonian order approximations we aim to use semi-relativistic and, where possible, Teukolsky codes to estimate radiation reaction and step evolve the orbit by assuming adiabaticity. Highly eccentric orbits will be modeled using numerical semi-relativistic approximations, mid and low eccentricities will be modeled using adjusted analytical semi-relativistic models and orbits near the plunge will be modeled using a Teukolsky-based code.

# Generating EMRI Waveforms for Highly Eccentric Equitorial Orbits in LISA Signal Confusion Noise
Supermassive black holes (SMBHs) will occasionally capture a stellar-mass compact object (CO) into a highly eccentric orbit, this is known as an extreme mass ratio inspiral (EMRI). These events are prime sources for the proposed space-based gravitational wave detector LISA. However, highly eccentric EMRIs produce significant gravitational radiation only when the orbiting body has evolved in its orbit close to the SMBH. While a single source earlier in its inspiral is not likely to be detectable, an ensemble of many such sources may cause background confusion noise that could mask sources that LISA would otherwise detect. This project aims to improve upon previous studies by implementing a numerical kludge model. We will create a waveform catalog for use in modeling the signals emitted by highly eccentric EMRIs from the point of capture through one period. We will then obtain a SMBH mass function from …

# Mapping out peaks in the spectra of highly eccentric orbits of EMRI gravitational wave signals for LISA
Equatorial orbits of extreme mass ratio inspirals (EMRIs) are a potential source for LISA, the proposed gravitational wave detector. This project aims to find the shape of the gravitational wave (GW) spectrum from such sources. This is done by implementing a frequency domain, Teukolsky based code that can calculate the highly eccentric orbits from the capture of compact objects by a SMBH. In order to save on expensive computation time, it is important to anticipate the frequencies which need to be calculated to accurately characterize each spectrum. Previous studies have shown that peaks of the radial harmonic mode should follow a predictable pattern. We systematically explore the parameter space to predict where the peak mode (kmax) is going to be so that negligible modes can be skipped.

# Highly Eccentric EMRI Confusion Noise in LISA
Subthreshold extreme mass ratio inspirals (EMRIs), while not individually resolvable, collectively will constitute a noise source for LISA, the future space-based gravitational wave detector. Previous characterizations of this noise source have used a Newtonian order approximation. We seek to improve this estimate by using a frequency domain, Teukolsky based code which is available on GitHub (https://github. com/AaronDJohnson/fbtpoint) and is currently under active development. Additionally, we use the semi-relativistic approximation, sometimes called the numerical kludge. EMRI formation may lead to highly eccentric orbits, where a gravitational wave burst is emitted only upon closest approach to the black hole and will not be seen again in LISA's lifetime. This type of subthreshold signal requires the computation of a large number of radial modes, some of which are negligible. Here we discuss strategies for …

# Improved Modeling of EMRI Signal Confusion Noise for LISA
Scattering events around a supermassive black hole (SMBH) will occasionally toss a stellar-mass compact object (CO) into an orbit around the SMBH, beginning what is known as an extreme mass ratio inspiral (EMRI). The early stages of such a highly eccentric EMRI will not produce detectable gravitational waves because the source will only be in a suitable frequency band briefly (close to peribothron) during each long-period orbit. However, if we consider an ensemble of such subthreshold sources, spread across the Universe, together they produce an unresolvable background noise that may obscure sources otherwise detectable by LISA, the proposed space-based gravitational wave detector. Previous studies of this EMRI signal confusion background used a Newtonian order approximation. We seek to improve this characterization by implementing kludge waveforms from relativistic population models

# Lining Up Your Shots: Capturing the Interesting Part of Highly Eccentric EMRI Gravitational Wave Snapshots
Extreme mass ratio inspirals (EMRIs) with highly eccentric orbits, while not individually resolvable, collectively will constitute a noise source for LISA, the proposed space-based gravitational wave detector. Previous characterizations of the noise source have used a Newtonian order approximation. We seek to improve this estimate by using a frequency domain, Teukolsky based approach or semi-relativistic approximation. At high eccentricities, the largest mode may reside at the 10,000th or even the 100,000th radial harmonic mode for eccentricities of 0.999 and 0.9999 respectively, but fortunately the lower modes are mostly negligible compared to the peak modes. Here we present a method to predict where the peak mode is going to be so that the negligible modes can be skipped and discuss the methods currently implemented in our Teukolsky based code.

# Computation of highly eccentric EMRIs to characterize background confusion noise in LISA
Extreme mass ratio inspirals (EMRIs) result when stellar mass compact objects orbiting a supermassive black hole (SMBH) undergo radiation damping. Such systems are prime sources for the proposed space-based gravitational wave detector LISA. However, highly eccentric EMRIs produce significant gravitational radiation only when the orbiting body is at closest approach to the SMBH. While a single source is not likely to be detectable, an ensemble of many such sources may cause background confusion noise that could mask sources that LISA would otherwise detect. We solve the Teukolsky equation using a frequency domain hypergeometric approach to probe the gravitational radiation produced by highly eccentric EMRIs in hopes of characterizing this signal confusion background. This code is programmed in a new programming language called Julia which is syntactically similar to Python but comes close
