# Introduce yourself (for example, your name, where you’re from, interests, family, pets)
My name is Brad Jackson.  I am 26 years old and currently work as a Systems Engineer II in Information Security.  I have three pets-- children-- and a beautiful wife of 2 years.  I am a mega nerd: I eat, sleep, and breathe computers.  I also listen to a lot of nerdcore.

# What has been your favorite course in the computer science program so far? What did you enjoy about it?
My favorite course in the computer science program so far has been CS210.  It was just the right amount of challenging and interesting for me.

# What are the major phases of the systems development lifecycle (SDLC)? Describe the key features of each phase in your own words.
The major phases of the systems development lifecycle (SDLC) are planning, analysis, design, implementation, and maintenance.  From my experience, planning is communicating with the customer/product owner (directly or through a proxy) to determine their business needs.  Analysis is taking the needs and determining what actions are required to realize their vision.  Design is probably my favorite phase (and I spend most of my time on this phase) which is architecting a new product or molding an existing product to better conform it to the vision.  Implementation is taking action to perform the steps outlined in your design, or creating the new product based on your blueprint.  And maintenance is getting a junior engineer to take over your product!  Just kidding.  Maintenance/triage is important to keep the product operating at the expected level.  This process repeats itself endlessly (even after your product has been absorbed as someone else's responsibility) and you will probably get messages for 10 years regarding your product.

# Requirements can be collected in various ways: reading documents, an in-person conversation, joint application design (JAD), etc. Choose one of these methods and describe a strategy you would use to help you collect requirements with this method.
From my experience, the best strategy to collect requirements would be a combination of multiple methods.  For example, myself and several other engineers were tasked with creating an application to alleviate the day-to-day work that another team performed.  None of us knew the one-hundred percent of the requirements; however, after meeting in-person we decided to architect the application in a joint effort and meet with the other team in-person.  We also went through all of the documents the team had on the subject matter.  It is important to consider as many ripple effects your project can have upon an environment.  As the complexity of the application increases this is much harder to do and requires a lot of planning.  Planning was definately the most time-consuming part of the project.

# How has technology changed how people collect requirements?
Technology has changed how people collect requirements by increasing the availability of resources.  Now that the product owner or scrum master is a click away it is easy to continuously shift directions on a project to prototype and determine the needs of the customer.  It is also possible to easily poll large demographics of target customers in order to gather initial thoughts on the subject matter.

# What ethical issues (data collection, bias, and so on) do you think need to be considered when collecting requirements?
I believe in anonymizing data and even synthesyzing data with tools such as Gretel where possible.  For example, if we are testing an application which employs social security numbers as a data point, it is important to keep the data as secure as possible.