# Create a JSON data element that identifies you by name with this course information. For example: { "firstName": "Pat", "lastName": "Smith", "currentJob":"engineer", "currentLocation":"NH" }

# What is your prior experience with databases? What experience, if any, do you have with SQL? NoSQL?
I use databases nearly every day.  Most of my experience is with AzureSQL using transact SQL; but, I have also used NoSQL databases.  My most used NoSQL database is probably CosmosDB.

# What is your favorite Python IDE (for example, Jupyter Notebook or PyCharm) and why?
My favorite IDE in general is VSCode (VSC) and I am a devout VSC'er.  I use it for everything except Android.  There are a lot of factors that add up to make it my favorite IDE of all time but the highlights are, customization, extensions, and integrations.  Examples of customization are enabling ligatures, linter settings, and so on.  I have replaced a lot of tools with extensions within VSC.  One such instance is Postman, there is a VSC extension called Thunder Client and it is like an inline Postman for VSC with collections and the whole shebang.  Super cool.  The integrated terminal is very handy especially with the builtin tabbing and splitting.  The automatic detection of lanuage is pretty common now in IDEs but VSC does an excellent job with it and recommending linters/extensions.  

# What are some examples of databases that you use in your daily home or work life? What kinds of successes or failures have you had using databases? For example, consider databases that you might have used when shopping for shoes online. How well has searching for a specific item, like "blue suede shoes", worked? How easily can you navigate the website to find items in a specific category? What difficulties have you encountered?
Examples of databases that I use in my daily work life are AzureSQL and CosmosDB.  I have had successes with creating tables, altering columns, and other simple administrative tasks.  I have had some close calls but I have not lost significant amounts of data because of redundancy and sometimes dumb luck.  For instance, one time I almost wiped one of the tables from my dev instance of AzureSQL by running the wrong parameterized query in Python script... luckily the password had expired for the service account so it failed to run the query.  I realized my mistake as I was updating the secrets and PHEW good thing it failed otherwise that would have been a little extra work for me.  Query optimization has been on my mind lately regarding CosmosDB and document database queries.  My team has been struggling with slowness in pagination.  The solution, in my mind, is to only fetch the primary key (uuid4 string in this case) and use offsets but I have not had a chance to play with it yet.