# First, describe how you approach a coding project and reflect on the following questions: What are your initial thoughts and actions?
My initial thoughts and actions when approaching a coding project are to identify a need.  There are many thoughts that race through my head when working though a problem but a need must exist.  A need means the software has a big enough impact and is different enough from existing products for me to even consider it.  After that, I usually make a small (half a day) proof of concept.  This is <u>before</u> making any diagrams, software requirement documents, or presenting it to anyone.  Once I nail down the concept and have a better idea of the architecture, I create an architecture diagram.  I usually also prepare a presentation to show people or leadership.  Now my favorite begins: feedback.  I am currently the only engineer on my team so I have to reach out to other engineers/leadership for a variety of feedback on ideas; however, people are often very excited to hear about new implementations and very willing to add their ideas to the mix.  I usually ask a few "random" people (past associates, mentors, leadership in my org, etc) and key stakeholders depending on the scope of the project.  Once I have that I begin mapping out the requirements and effectively make a software requirement specification (SRS) document and generally this turns into the maintenance document over time.  Once that is started I begin breaking down the expected work into JIRA stories and if no epic exists I create one for the project.  It is not a very good idea to create a product in a vacuum.  I have made that mistake before.  If there is no market or need for the product it will fail.
# What steps do you take or methods do you use to get started on a project?

# For instance, do you create a workflow diagram or take notes?

# Do you process the problem on your own or talk to others?
