# The Alaska Native Regional Corporations (ANCSA) and the Native corporation system have been good for Alaska Natives.

Next, revise the statement you have chosen to reflect the complexity of the historical events surrounding this issue. Provide specific examples of how ANCSA and the Native corporation system have had a positive or negative impact—or perhaps both—on Alaska Natives. Further illustrate the complexity of this issue by showing how the passage of ANCSA was contingent on at least three historical events or forces.

The Alaska Native Regional Corporations (ANCSA) and the Native corporation system have improved the quality of life for Alaska Natives by restructuring the political and economical landscapes.  The surge of income from the ANCSA and the staggered economic opportunities positively impacted Alaska Natives.  Native corporations brought jobs to thousands of Native Alaskans.  In 2004, seven of the top ten Alaska-owned business were Native regional corporations, which distributed $117.5 million in shareholder dividends, employed 3,116 Native shareholders, and paid $5.4 million in scholarships for Native students (Linxwiler, 2007).  Some of these corporations were more successful than others.  It is noted in the text that the new ANCSA-backed laws were not easily translated into profits until the 1990s.  Although some of the effects were not seen for many years after, the ANCSA brought opportunities and economic value to Alaska.  It also created a divide between Native Alaskans.  In recent years, many Natives have questioned the extent to which the corporation system might be supplanting some tribal structures and weakening ties to Native heritage.  This statistic is hard to measure but for the most part, Alaskan Natives benefitted from the ANCSA in the long run.  Native Alaskan assimilation by the U.S., the construction of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline, and the Alaska Permanent Fund would have never been possible without the ANCSA.  By providing a deal with the Natives rather than conquering them, as in times past, populations were more willing to integrate into the community.  The Trans-Alaska Pipeline created an opportunity for Alaska to have an oil economy and was contengient upon the ANCSA.  The Alaska Permanent Fund, a state fund that collects 25 percent of all oil-land royalties and invests those funds for the benefit of all Alaskans. The Fund, which in 2015 amounted to more than $51 billion, pays a yearly dividend to every qualified Alaskan; in 2015, that meant a dividend check of $2,072 for virtually every man, woman, and child in the state. (Klint and Doogan, 2015).

Klint, C. and Doogan, S. (2015). "$2,072: 2015 Alaska Permanent Fund dividend amount announced." Alaska Dispatch News, September 21, 2015. Retrieved from http://www.adn.com/economy/article/2015-pfd-announcement-just-hours-away-anchorage/2015/09/21/.

Linxwiler, J. (2007) The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act at 35: Delivering on the Promise. Retrieved from http://www.lbblawyers.com/ancsa/ANCSA%20at%2035%20Delivering%20on%20the%20Promise%20Proof%2010-25-07.pdf, June 10, 2016.