# Discuss the features of the mobile app. After you have chosen a mobile app to analyze, briefly identify the app and explain its purpose. Then address each of the following:
# Describe the app’s screens and features.
# List the major UI components on each screen.
# Identify where data is included in the app.
The Fidelity Investments mobile application fits into the finance category.  With the app, customers of Fidelity can manage their investments.  The app has five main screens: Accounts, Markets, Watch Lists, Transact, and More.  On the Accounts screen you can view holdings in existing accounts and open new accounts.  In the Markets screen you can view the different U.S. markets, bond & CD yields, market movers, and news.  The Watch Lists screen shows stocks which you have chosen to "watch" and offers the ability to add more symbols to your watch list.  Transact is where you can initiate a transaction such as trading stock, buying CDs, transferring funds between accounts, depositing checks, and paying bills.  The More screen is a catch-all bucket where you can view some account options and less frequently accessed features of the app.  Each screen seems to be broken down into a grid or list view within a vertical layout.  There are not many buttons to interact with on each screen, there are list items.  Data is included throughout this application; however, most of the important data is located within the Accounts, Markets/Watch Lists, and Transact tabs.

# Discuss the possible data sources of the mobile app.
- Determine what data each component of the app either displays or accepts as input. Then, think about where the data might come from. Note that sometimes it may come from external sources, and sometimes from users.
The Accounts screen displays the financial data of a user's existing accounts.  The data is served from Fidelity's backend.  Markets shows stock trends based on Fidelity's own real-time market data API.  The API retrieves information for all U.S. markets.  Users can also search for stock symbols here.  Watch Lists uses the same API as the Markets screen but accepts user input to add symbols to their watch list.  Transact accepts user input to determine which financial action to take and loads data based on their choices.  The combination of these screens allows users to open the Fidelity Investments app, quickly navigate to a screen, and execute an action.  The app does a great job of providing real-time data and reducing the available data to an understandable level.  In this way, the user is not overwhelmed and can learn how to use the app more quickly.  The powerful features offered by the Transact tab allow users to confidently execute transactions with their holdings.

# Explain how the data that users interact with helps them meet their goals.
- Begin by identifying what kinds of data users are interacting with in the app. Then, discuss how that data helps users meet a need. Think about how that data is being displayed and why that would be beneficial for a user.