<!-- 
Option 2: Event Tracking App
This application will be used to track the dates and times of upcoming events. This application must include the following:
- A database with at least two tables, one to store the event details and one to store user logins and passwords
- A screen for logging into the app. Note that this should also be used to create a login if the user has never logged in before.
- A screen, with a grid, that displays all upcoming events
- A mechanism by which the user can add and remove events from the database
- A mechanism by which the user can enter the time and general information of a specific event
- A mechanism by which the application will notify the user on the day that an event has been scheduled 
-->

1. Articulate the goals of the project. Begin by identifying the application you have chosen to work on. Then explain the overarching purpose of the app. Be sure to reference the major components you think will be necessary to include in the app in order to support the app’s goals. Reference the detailed list of needs included below the app option you selected in the Scenario section. For example, each option includes the need for a screen, with a grid, that displays information. Explain how you might design this at a high level with reference to features, what it would need to include, and how that serves the users to meet the mobile app’s goals.
Based on client needs, we will commence with development of an event tracking app.  Per the requirements, the application will be used to track the dates and times of upcoming events.  Furthermore, the app will require a database (backend) and the app (frontend).  The app will consist of at least two screens.  Initially, the user will be greeted with a login screen where they can register new user credentials or login using existing user credentials.  After authenication and authorization has occured, the user will be able to perform CRUD operations on an event.  An event will contain a title (required), description (nullable) and and datetime (required).  We can add additional fields to events based on user needs as the app evolves.  The events will be displayed to the user on a screen with a grid with titles and dates displayed.  The user will be able to access the last component "+" within this grid to add a new event.  Users will be able to expand these events (opening another screen) so they can be edited as needed.  This will serve as a simple way for users to track and update their events.

2. Compare the mobile app you selected to other successful apps of the same type. You should reference two mobile apps that have similar themes and goals to the one you will be developing. When completing this comparison, you can explore mobile apps you have used or ones you are less familiar with but found via online research. If you need ideas, you can look through the Android Apps on Google Play resource that is linked in this week’s Resources section. Researching competitive apps that target the same audience will help you better understand ways the goals of your app can be addressed.
A well-known event tracking app is Google Calendar.  Google Calendar has more features than the app which we have planned including SSO and integrations such as gmail.  Google Calendar is meant for both enterprise and individual users.  Our application will be much simpler and target individual users.  Another application which accomplishes similar goals is WilkinDone (iOS).  This was actually created by my colleague Boris Mezhibovskiy and is designed to track events (called Tasks within the app).  It is a Get Things Done (GTD) app which is very minimal and closely resembles what we are trying to accomplish here at Mobile2App.

3. Discuss potential users of the application. You will need to identify three different user types, based on their goals, and describe them. The details in the Scenario section should help you form an idea of who the app’s users would likely be. Think about the following questions when crafting your response:
What needs might a user have that your app would serve?
Why might a user decide engaging with your app is the right choice for them?
Where does your app fit in a user’s lifestyle?
How much time might a user have available to engage with your app?
Potential users of my application are students, parents, and party planners.  Students may need to track when their work is due and plan their life accordingly.  We should advertise that our application will enable students' in this way.  It should be extremely simple and quick to add/edit events to conform to the student's busy life.  The same goes for parents.  Parents should be able to quickly add and track events such as wellness appointments, extracurricular activities, and allowence cycles.  We can add the functionality of recurring events to empower users who are parents.  Party planners have hectic lives.  Every week could be different and a wide operating area means timing is important.  We can add geolocation, anticipated travel time, reminders, or all of the above to events to account for these user needs.  We want to enable our niche of users and still fall within the vision of simplicity and ease of use.