Reverse engineering can be used to improve cloud-based information technology (IT) systems.  Reverse engineering is the act of deconstructing a program to gain a better understanding of its functionality.  In the case of internet of things (IoT) devices, reverse engineering can help secure software and hardware by identifying vulnerabilities in their design.  Reverse engineering is used to patch cloud-based IT systems in the event a vulnerability is reported by a dependency layer of an application.  For example, if a network engineer notices an anomaly in the behavior of a load balancer, they may note it and report it to the platform/infrastructure as a service provider (Google Cloud, Azure, AWS).  Patches would then be rolled out to fix the vulnerability.

Early adoption and duplication of IoT devices means that they spread quickly and have a far reach.  Software security was an after though for most manufactures, especially from third-world countries.  Customers purchase these loosely secured products and install them on their home network, creating openings for threat actors on their networks.  Some of these companies may have gone out of business or do not provide software updates so the products remain insecure unless they are uninstalled or manually patched by customers.

Reverse engineering helps us to identify what is actually happening in application software and is a reliable tool especially for under-supported devices which are installed in critical environments (like our home wifi).  Companies like HackerOne encourage users to report any clear vulnerabilities in software and offer rewards for doing so.  This should exist in all markets, not just software.  We should continue to deconsruct and better understand the world we live in.  It is important to do so to make sure we are making the proper choices for ourselves and those around us.  It is especially important given the scale the world operates on.