The breach I chose to research was the breach of American Pain and Wellness (APW), PLLC based out of Plano, TX.  The breach occured between November 10, 2022 and November 27, 2022 (Console, 2023).

The data, stolen by an unknown party, was unsecured protected health information of over 7,000 individuals (U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 2023).  The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) reported that the breach occured within their network perimeter and was a hacking/IT incident.  Console reported that APW detected suspicious activity on its network last November.  The company sent out notice letters to their affected customers.

The incident was detected due to monitoring which was in place and more light was shone on it after an investigation.  Factors which led to the vulnerability were lack of security controls.  Having a private, segmented, network with a DMZ and basic firewall could have prevented network exploits and allowed for a quicker detection of the breach.  Service and user accounts could also be reviewed to determine access needs and enforce least privilidge policies.  Maybe the breach was due to a lack of password policy.  In this case the password policy should be updated immediately and enforced on a regular basis.  Additionally, if the company was unaware of the activity, why did the user/account have access?  They were most likely not following the security principle of least privledge/zero trust.  The threat actors exploited the lack of passive controls which many MANY healthcare organizations also lack.  Take a second and visit the US HHS breach portal where, as required by section 13402(e)(4) of the HITECH Act, the Secretary must post a list of breaches of unsecured protected health information affecting 500 or more individuals (U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 2023).  The number of breaches is alarming considering this is some of the most personal and sensitive data associated with an individual.

More incentive or higher fines should be enforced to disparage healthcare organizations from overlooking basic security controls.  A working product or service is not necessarily a good one if it is not secure.  If the leadership of the organization does not care about quality of service, do you think the operational workers do?  Enforcing security standards helps build a culture of awareness that we, as cybersecurity students (even if it is not your major or focus), should promote.

Reverse engineering depends on the context of the breach.  Not many details were given as to the technical specifications of the breach; however, if the exploit was due to in-house software, analysis of the program and output file could help determine the root cause of the exploit.  Although, this breach is probably due to an outdated operating system package, firmware, or orphaned account.  Root cause analysis (RCA) is a type of reverse engineering which is very important regardless of the technical involvement.  I have never heard of reading through assembly or machine language in a program when investigating an incident in the security operations center (SOC) at my work.  Hex in packets, sure, but sometimes the answer is that an exploit was not hard to do in the first place.

# How can reverse engineering be used to identify or address the vulnerability?

