# For your initial post, research a successful mobile app and explain how it has become profitable. In your response, consider the following:
# What was the development process the app's creators followed?
Instagram was originally developed as an app to share images and tips related to whiskeys and burbons.  It was only available as a web application and was written entirely (backend and frontend) in Python.  The team quickly realized that the unique feature of their application was photo sharing and pivoted to an application focused around that.  The merging of photo sharing and social media along with the timing of the initial iOS release led to success.  The iPhone 4 was released just before the iOS app became live and had a 5MP camera versus the iPhone 3's 2MP camera.  This led to users wanting to share higher resolution images from their new phones and downloading Instagram to do so!
# What design elements encouraged user engagement?
Instagram has had a sleek and minimalistic design since its inception consisting of cards with headers, bodies, and footers.  The card typically has a username at the top, an image in the middle, and comments/like/share details at the bottom.  This inteface was initially uniquely devoid of ads and noise.  The simplicity means a faster app along with ease of use.
# How has the app been monetized?
Instagram is now monitized with ads.  By making the application free to use, integrating ad posts which look exactly like users' posts in the feed, and paying influencers to advertise products, Instagram is paid by its partners.  The ads are amazingly subtle and are in the same post format as regular users' posts.  The minimalism of the application draws the user's attention to the ad/photo which plays into the effectiveness of the application design.
# How do the app's design elements support its method of monetization?