# In the first part of your discussion post, introduce yourself to your classmates. Where are you from, what is your major, and what do you hope to learn from this course? 
Hello, my name is Brad.  I am from Sugar Land, Texas and I currently reside in Northwest Arkansas.  I work for the Walmart Homeoffice - Information Security.  My major is computer science and I hope to gain any and all applicable knowledge that this course has to provide regarding my major and my career.  I tend to appreciate art in its many forms and, in my opinion, pondering art is meditative.

# Next, discuss which of the three focal points of Week One (visual art, literature, or music) you are most comfortable with. Which do you have the most experience with, and which do you find the most challenging to understand? Include specific examples to support your response.
Of the three three focal points of Week One (visual art, literature, or music), I am most comfortable with music.  I hold music in high regard and ever since my first mp3 player (an iPod classic), I have explored the wonderful world of music and delighted in what it has to offer.  I listen to the whole spectrum of genres.  I have the most experience with music, having dabbled in music production.  I find that visual art the most challenging art to understand because it is apparently subjective.  This is opposed to reading a book, which is written a certain way and conforms to a linguistic standard, whereas visual art can use a medium but have infinite meanings.

# Also, if you have a question for the other students, feel free to include it as part of your response.
