# how this experience has impacted your understanding and perception of physics.
Throughout this course, I learned about a number of physics concepts and conducted experiments which demonstrated how physics impacted my daily life.  This experience has reinforced my understanding of fundamental physics concepts such as Newton's Laws, conservation of momentum, and conservation of energy.  It has also effected my direct family members' understanding of physics!  

I took AP Physics (AB) in high school and another physics class during my first stint in college but physics never clicked with me.  During this class I feel like I finally fully understand the basics beyond just the mathematics.  An example of this was the second project involving Newton's laws when we were asked to determine the best material for a phone case.  Drawing the force diagram, computing the results of drop tests, and reflecting upon the data helped me understand the application of Newton's laws.

I took the time to conduct the labs with my kids (6-12 years old, who followed proper safety procedures) and we learned a lot together.  They mainly helped record data; however, we spent a lot of time understanding the concepts of each experiment together and I think this gave them a head start for their future physics endeavors.  As a result I am more aware of the impact that physics has on my daily life.  When we are driving somewhere in the car I try to drop small truth bombs about the physics of car travel.  When we watch sports, play video games with physics engines, or are watching television we talk more about the physical aspects of the world.

The most significant concept that I learned relates to the conservation of energy.  It may seem like a small detail but it really excites me to know that during a collision some energy is lost.  The most mind-boggling way (in my opinion) that this energy is lost is via sound.  It is just a crazy, simple, concept that makes so much sense and blows my mind.

Overall, I learned about a number of physics concepts and conducted experiments which demonstrated how physics impacted my daily life.  I have introduced these concepts to my kids and, hopefully, we will all continue to develop a greater understanding of the world around us.