# What is important to know from a software development perspective about this topic and its relationship with traditional operating systems?
From a softare development perspective some things which are important to know the requirements for local development, the deployment pipeline, and target clients.  The process of developing software targeting an AWS, GCP, or Azure host are slightly different.  All require a different set of local development tools be installed but are largely available across operating systems.  In terms of serverless deployments, I prefer the ease-of-use of AWS Lambda or GCP App Engine.  Serverless simply means that most of the configuration for the build specifications, capacity, and network requirements of the host are specified in a YAML (or other configuration) file.  After tweaking the configuration basically all you need is your source code in order to start a deployment.  I have a few apps out there but <a href="https://brad-jackson.com/">here is my personal website hosted on GCP App Engine</a>.  Architecting applications for cloud-based platforms, more often than not, abstracts away a lot of the tedious configuration and testing required for a reliable application.  Automatic load balancing is the thing I am most grateful for because networking is probably my weakest subject.  With GCP it was as simple as purchasing/transferring my domain to Google Domains and then supplying it to the GCP Cloud Console configuration.  If your DNS is hosted by Google you don't even need to wait, it just validates it!  The ease of use, scalability, and portability of applications architected for cloud environments is probably a reason for its wide adoption.  A lot of people who have never used a serverless or k8s cluster always claim that "cloud is too expensive;" however, the capacity costs of these environments are largely request-based.  If your application is a simple web server that waits for a request it basically lays dormant and you pay pennies a month.  One of my work projects on consists of about seven Java microservices hosted on an internal Azure cloud.  Even when serving hundreds of requests a day it costs only tens of dollars (per environment-- note that we have multiple dev, staging, and prod deployments).  These costs are negligible considering their reliability, scalability, and the fact they perform the functions of 7 salaried associates (who have been re-positioned to continue with more meaningful and exciting work within the company!).

# How does developing the software for each platform differ? How is it similar?
# What does it mean for a cloud-based system to be serverless? How does this influence the software development process?
# How does architecting applications for the cloud differ from traditional operating systems? Are there advantages to this method and, if so, what are they?
# What are the cost differences between traditional and cloud-based operating platforms?
# Do today’s cloud-based platforms make traditional operating systems obsolete? Why or why not? Explain your reasoning.
# Which operating platform are you most likely to recommend and develop prototype code for? Why? Provide a rationale for your recommendation.
# In your responses to peers, consider the following questions: