# What will be included in your app’s description and what kind of icon will best represent your app once it is made available in the app store?
Our application (TaskMaster) will be described in app stores as leading the field in taskology.  To represent our application, the icon will be human hands with a clock face resting in their center.  The clock face represents time whilst the hands will represent control, tranquility, and practicality.  A vivid, contrasting, color scheme will draw users' eyes to the icon in the app store list.
# Which version(s) of Android will your app successfully run on? Have you included the most current version? Note that with each version of Android, new components are introduced that add considerations and challenges in the development.
TaskMaster will successfully run on API 28: Android 9.0 (Pie) which, according to Android Studio, is about 75.1% of devices.  Hopefully this will be enough of the user population to establish a beach head in the market without sacrificing too many useful API features.  This will ensure backward and forward compatiblity for our users.  Our team is not concerned with the development implications of choosing this API version.
# What permissions will your app ask for? Be sure these are only permissions that are necessary for your app to run. For example, does your manifest ask for permission to record phone audio when your app does not use it?
Our application will ask for permission to send SMS messages to remind the user of present and upcoming events.  The manifest will not ask for unnessicary permissions.  TaskMaster clearly explains its intent to the user at full transparency.  This helps the user to better understand the product.
# What is your plan for monetization of the app? Consider whether your app will include ads, require a one-time payment, both, or neither.
Our plan for monetization of the app is a freemium model.  We will set a limit to the amount of events a user can keep track of and offer a one-time payment for unlimited events.  This is essentially making the user pay for storage on a device which they already own but the idea is that they will be paying for the software as a service to create events.  This fee will be small and will include support for the product until its next major version (e.g. 1.0 -> 2.0) upon which time the user will have to pay for the new application as we will deploy 2.0 as a new app in the store.
