# Requirements for online storefront
- [?] Hamp Crafts would like customers to be able to create an account with their shipping, billing, and contact information.
- [?] For customer orders, Hamp Crafts would like to accept credit and debit cards for transactions. 
- [x] Hamp Crafts plans on using an established credit card vendor service (e.g., Square, Shopify) to receive customer payments.
- [?] Once a transaction is complete, the customer should receive a notification based on the information in their personal profile regarding order status and confirmation.
- [?] On the administrative side of the online storefront, Hamp Crafts should receive an alert of the transaction. 
- [?] Customers should be able to check the status of their order any time online from their personal account profile under order history.
- [?] The business owners also need an administrative back end for customer support and updates to customer information and the website.

# Interpret the object model for the new online storefront by responding to the following prompts:
- What are the different functions of the online storefront? How are they represented in this type of model?
The different functions of the online storefront are numerous.  Firstly, user login is verified by the User base class.  From there, a user is either an Administrator who can update the catalog or a Customer who can register, login, and update their profile.  Items can be added to the customer's cart via the Shopping Cart class; futhermore, the customer can view their cart, update quantities of items in their cart, and check out.  Once the customer is ready to order they will be calling upon the Order class.  The Order class is composed of the Shipping Info and Order Details classes which gather shipping and product infomation.  This data is then routed to the Customer and the Hamp Crafts team when an order is successfully placed.

- What are the different classes of “users” represented by this object model? What are the associations between these classes?
The different classes of users represented by this object model are customers and administrators.  Both of these classes shared a generalized relationship with the base User class.  The purpose of outlining a difference between these two classes of users is role-based access controls.  Administrators will most likely only be assocates from Hamp Crafts (or perhaps vendors managing their own sub-catalogs) and therefore require special write privileges within the application.

- How would the objects “use” their respective variables and functions?
Objects would use their respective variables and functions in an abstract way which is not nessicarily cemented in the object model.  For instance, the Customer class holds variables such as customerName, address, email, etc.  These variables would be gathered via the frontend of the application.  A "Register" button would be available within this frontend which routed to initial-input-gathering page.  This would probably be done in an HTML form using the POST method, which would query the database for the same existing information (probably using userid as a primary key and email as a secondary key).  The same fundamental concept applies to all of the other classes which would use the appropriate form to gather inputs or render existing information (using a form with HTML GET method for parameters) from the database on the frontend.

- Does this object model capture all of Hamp Crafts’ desired functionality? Why or why not?
The provided object model does not capture all of Hamp Crafts’ desired functionality.  The skeleton for users, admins, and shipping/billing information have been laid but much of the desired functionality is not specifically outlined within the model.  One example of this is the transaction notification for both user and admin.  While the data required is being captured, "send notifications" is not described as a function of any of the classes.  My suggestion would be to add sendNotification to the Order class.  Data is also being captured for Hamp Craft; however, whether the data is able to be sent to Square, Shopify, etc. is not apparent.  I am not entirely sure if we have captured the correct data for these external applications but we should at least outline a function such as sendToCardHandler to signify the availability of data for external services.  Another issues is that administrators can update the catalog but not customer data.  The word catalog is only mentioned within a function of the administrator class so I suggest changing it to "updateInventory" and adding a function such as updateUser.  The final major issue I see with the provided object model is that no abstraction for a communication exists.  One of the requirements for the online storefront was that business owners also need an administrative back end for customer support.  In order to mitigate some of the traffic from customer requests (where compliance permits), a message center can be added to the online storefront.  A user could click "Message Center" within their profile/home screen and have a direct line of communication to the Hamp Craft support team.  This would require users have a variable for messages and a method to submit messages to be read by the Hamp Craft team.

- The above diagram uses a solid diamond shape to represent a form of aggregation. What type of aggregation does this represent? What does it imply about the relationship between the classes? Why is a solid diamond the appropriate choice here?
The object model diagram uses a solid diamond shape to represent composition between classes.  It implies that, for instance, an order is composed of shipping information and order details.  The order cannot exist without those two components. Something else worth noting is the order itself, the shipping information, and order details are all unique to that instance.  So these inputs could apply to multiple orders (e.g. not unique) except for the fact that each order takes its own circumstancial inputs which are unique.  This relationship and the other relationships within the model are appropriately labelled as compositions because they are contingent upon the User class existing.  All shopping carts and orders should not be associated with every user within the database, they should depend on that user performing the action.


# Finally, think through the two different models you’ve explored for Hamp Crafts’ systems: a process model and an object model. Then compare these models by responding to the following prompts:
- How well do you think a process model describes the system? What information does it make easier to understand? 
Process models visually describe the logical flow of a system.  They make information about logistics and data flow easier to understand.

- What aspects of the system are more difficult to understand or are not represented?
Aspects about the specific inner workings of the system remain hidden and are not represented by process models.  This abstraction can make it difficult to determine how the product will be implemented.

- How well do you think an object model describes the system? What information does it make easier to understand? 
On the other hand, an object model describes the functionality of the system in a greater detail.  This type of model makes it easier to understand the implementation at a high level.

- What aspects of the system are more difficult to understand or are not represented?
As a result, object models could be difficult to proof if you do not know the requirements nor the logistics of a system.  Based on these obeservations we will require more than an object or process model.  They aid in creating systems and planning but neither captures the entirety of what is required.  We will need both types of models and direct interaction with the customer/product owner or a list of their requirements.
