How deep is too deep, and what’s the tradeoff?
What are some time, money, reputation, and operational considerations?
What are some additional aspects of DiD that make it unique for each situation?

Defense in depth (DiD) means layers of security mechanisms and controls.  Adding layers such as application firewall rules (NGINX, for example), using TLS, and encryption-at-rest are common modalities for implmenting DiD.  Depending on the complexity of the system in terms of resource utilization, data size, or even sensitivity should be considered to ensure operational efficiency.  If your application is a simple static website, hosted on the open internet, which serves non-sensitive information then the need for DiD is very minimal.  You could configure all of the application's security using NGINX or similar framework.  Meanwhile, if you are a large organization and the application is hosted internally and exposed to the open internet there are more considerations to be made.  An attack could potentially expose all of your company's data.  Even if you are insured in some way you are going to suffer a loss.  Also some of this data is bound to be sensitive information which could cause even more financial impact if you are out of compliance with the law.  In this scenario, where customer or internal data is a potential target, it should be encrypted or in a secure environment, away from the rest of your data.  On top of that, there should be a demilitarized sonze (DMZ) separating your network from the open internet.  Bottom line, if your business depends on the safety of data then it is worthwhile to treat it like an asset and provide adequate safeguards.  If customer data is compromised you are going to lose some of your customer base and therefore you will lose money and goodwill.  In terms of operational considerations, implementing defense in depth is possible while minimizing latency and maintenance.  Encrpyting databases is not required in every situation, is hard to maintain, and is not computation-oriented.  Considering business needs, developer needs, choosing your battles, and laying the proper foundations are crucial to properly implementing DiD in your organization.