# Introduce yourself to your peers and describe any experience you have had with reverse engineering or your interest in the subject. How did you come to enroll in this course?
My name is Brad Jackson (28) and I am currently an advanced systems engineer at Walmart Global Tech.  I have been here 5 years (this month).  I have very little experience with reverse engineering; however, I do have a mentor who actively programs in assembly language.  You are really going to get a kick out of this: https://github.com/walmartlabs/zFAM#:~:text=Contributors-,Randy%20Frerking,-%2C%20Walmart%20Technology.  The backstory is that I was in mainframe security for a breif period and I met this individual (Randy).  He work mostly on the mainframe (within Walmart) but closely with IBM building (in assembly language) features that can convert an existing mainframe into a cloud platform.  More accurately he is creating features that define a cloud within the mainframe.  I can't remember the paper he referenced when we talked about it but I think it was this one https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-145/final.  

# Discuss some of the rationale that the video provides for why you should learn assembly language.
So, on a spiritual level I understand that legacy systems exist and there will always be that elephant in the room (new becomes old and so on).  Dr. Sorber mentioned the need to dive into legacy code and that is a reality especially in old shops.  It is not often you have to open that can of worms but sometimes teams get pulled together just to understand a legacy system.  In cases like that, you need to be able to peel back the layers and see the face of god-- it's creator-- smile, wave, and then continue the mission where he left off.  Often these applications are business or infrastucture critical. They are the highest priority when it comes to disaster priority and uptime requirements.  Maybe it is because of cost or compliance requirements.  Mainframes, for example, execute transactions for credit cards (to name ONE thing they do).  IBM pretty much has that down-pat when it comes to maintainability, the software fails over and hardware including motherboards are hot swappable in the LPARs; however, your tail will not always be covered.  It is important to learn about the fundamentals incase a tiger team is formed to "save the company."

# Then, add to those claims regarding why you also believe that it is important to learn assembly language and specifically for software reverse engineering.