# Describe the design and purpose of the app you selected.
- Begin by looking at the app overall and think about what primary task the app has been created to help users achieve.
- Identify the overarching goal you believe the app was created for.
- Also discuss the design elements that lead you to draw this conclusion. Think about what the app looks like and how that signifies to users what the app will enable them to do.

The mobile application I have chosen to explore is Pokémon UNITE.  I have only played this game a few times but I have (surprisingly) heard a lot of great things about it.  I believe this app was created to address the growing mobile gaming market, existing multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) market, and is driven by the need to catch them all.  UNITE is a game for Nintendo Switch, Android, and iOS.  The game was very obviously created by professionals who have experience playing MOBAs.  The menus and controls are intuivite and easy to use on mobile devices.  While the Pokémon are not actually "catchable" this app is clearly focused on the Pokémon franchise as everything expands upon their existing universe.

# Identify the user needs that the app is designed to address. You should identify at least three needs the app helps users address. Each app’s overall purpose, which you have already looked at, is supported by smaller tasks a user can do within the app. For example, a maps app may have the overall goal of providing location information to a user. This might be supported by how it identifies local restaurants or offers directions from one address to another via varying pathways. Think about the following questions as you craft your response:
- What users does this app serve?
- What might a user want to accomplish with this app?
- How does the app support those user goals?
- Is the app trying to persuade a user to take an action?
- What is the app’s business objective?

Pokémon UNITE serves as a form of entertainment.  Users range from casual Pokémon fans to competitive MOBA streamers.  Two teams, each with five players, use power-ups, special abilities, physical and magical attacks to compete for glory.  The goals of the game is to score the most points within a 10 minute period.  Players start with a pool of playable Pokémon characters to choose from but the app tries to persuade users to make in-game purchases for additional Pokémon.  The business objective is clearly to ride the Pokémon brand and peddle in-app purchases; however, these purchases are not required to play competitively.  It is possible to excel in the game without spending any money.

# Explain what specific features the app has tailored to meet its users’ needs. After you have thought about the user needs that the app addresses, look at the design elements or features which were created to support them. Ask yourself, are there clear buttons that allow users to take actions? Does the screen’s layout allow users to effectively navigate content? Think about all the smaller details that make up the app’s interface and consider how those individual components operate in a way that is effective for users.
The app is regularly updated with new Pokémon and balances.  It is important to pivot based on market trends and user feedback when supporting any application.  In terms of design elements, the application is extremely minimal yet beautiful.  Even on a small device-- I have an iPhone SE Gen. 2 with a 4.7 inch display-- there is ample room for the game to be playable.  I am never unclear about how my hands should be positioned nor do my thumbs ever cross one another.  This is very impressive to me considering the potential complexity of MOBAs.  I am able to quickly react to enemies and environmental changes.  There is also the matter of backwards compatability, the UI and actions are very responsive even on older hardware.  While the interface is not overwhelming, while writing this review I noticed there is a static bar which shows frames per second, battery level, and connection quality.  Small details like this provide users visibility to the real-time performance of the app which is very beneficial.

# Discuss what user information would be helpful for an app developer to know before designing. The analysis you just completed relied on assumptions about who the user is, but the app developer would need to have a much more detailed concept of the user based on research and data. If you were the one responsible for designing the app you selected, what information would you want to know about your users’ goals, needs, and experiences?
For this particular application, I would analyze MOBA streamers.  I would want to know what draws users to MOBAs, what would keep them engaged on a daily basis, and what their ideal endgame is.  There may also be different segements of users with opposing wants and needs which conflict.  Facts would easily help me to decide where the financial equilibrium was in these scenarios.  I would acquire this data by surveying a sample of MOBA players or scraping publicly available data sources.  I definately would not design the application based on my own opinions because it would very quickly fail-- I am no expert on MOBAs!