# Define: What is software requirements engineering?
Software requirements engineering is the process of identifying business needs, writing them down, and updating them based on changing business needs.

# Purpose: Why is software requirements engineering an important part of the software development life cycle?
Software requirements engineering is vital to efficiently producing quality deliverables.  If your product does not meet the business needs for the market it is introduced to then it is a failed product.  This could end up costing the company more money; therefore, to reduce technical debt software requirements should be clearly defined and current.  Products continue to evolve over time so the software development life cycle (SDLC) is an ongoing process.  It is important to maintain software requirements documentation as it ensures product quality in continuity.  Maintainers or users of the product will also benefit for the requirements.

# Comparison: How does the approach of software reverse engineering differ from the approach of software requirements engineering?
The process of software reverse engineering differs from the approach of software requirements engineering.  The two are almost inversely related.  While software requirements engineering is meant to clearly outline the purpose and functionality of a product, software reverse engineering seeks to determine purpose based on the operational model of a product.  It is quite literally the reverse of the requirements engineering process.  Reverse engineers start with a product, determine the implementation, observe and document design, and analyze findings.

# Impact: What are your thoughts on the proposed new integrated approach of round-trip engineering and its impact on the computer science field?
The world seems to be moving toward higher level programming languages.  As a result, drag-and-drop, "no code," or "low code" solutions are becoming more prominent.  This includes generative adversarial networks (GANs) like ChatGPT or Github's copilot.  For this reason I think round-trip engineering may become very prominent in the field.  It would allow UI/UX designers, product managers, and other non-technical stakeholders to effect the product directly.  I support any movement that promotes documentation, readability, and overall maintainability of a product and its design.