# Purpose: What was the purpose and intent of the DMCA?
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA) made most cases of software reverse engineering and distribution of those effects illegal.  There are some exceptions for law enforcement.  Under the DMCA, bypassing technical protection measures (TPMs) within copyrighted works is illegal.  Distribution of information obtained using those mean is also illegal.

The DMCA is considered to be an anti-reverse engineering law because the subject matter is exactly that, deconstructing software.  The exception is for law enforcement investighation or matters of national security.  Exceptions also include reverse engineering software for interoperability.  This means software can be reverse engineered to achieve interoperability with other programs; but, the information gathered during discovery can only be shared for the purposes of interoperability.

The DMCA is a beneficial law when it comes to persecuting threat actors who are harnessing software reverse engineering as their main method of attack.  This covers the majority of "hackers" and is a great umbrella law under which to convict them for criminal activities; however, whether the law exists or not they will continue to reverse engineer software.  Whether this leads to infringing other laws is unpredictable but the party which is most effected are software companies which are following laws.  If a company patents a software which the world then relies on, the DMCA assures that company will remain at the top until other companies independently develop similar applications which may not use the underlying mechanism which belongs to the original creator.  This could lead to disparity between companies in the software engineering field and I believe is the reason why giants like Microsoft, Google, Meta, TikTok, etc are wildly successful: because users have no comparable options.  The exceptions for the DMCA do very little to promote healthy competition.  In the long run, I think this law, like many others, mostly benifits big businesses rather than small or independent ones and will hinder the field of computer science in the long run.

# Impact: What are your thoughts on the DMCA and its long-term impact on reverse engineering and the computer science field?