# What challenges does trying to communicate your analysis of a work of art, literature, or music present? 
It is hard to find the right words to express how something makes you feel.  I think it is harder with this project because I have not been exposed to the artifacts for an extended period of time.  It is much easier to express your analysis of a familiar artifact that has made an impact in your life.

# Describe a time you had to explain the impact of a song, television show, book, movie, or some other work from the humanities to someone who was not familiar with the work.
I work with a bunch of nerds and occasionally we talk about television shows.  These talks inevitably lead to Star Trek.  Everyone who has watched multiple Star Trek series' has a favorite captain and series.  I favor Voyager (I hate Captain Janeway) for the Borg lore.  The foundation of the Borg story was established in Star Trek: Next Generation.  The Borg are a race of cybernetic humaniods who forceably convert their enemies into soldiers for their army.  In Voyager, the Borg backstory is built up to a point where it appears they have developed a religion: perfection.  How can perfection be a religion?  How can completely logical beings have a religion?  The Borg see a substance called "The Omega Molecule" as symbol of perfection in the natural world and strive to harness its power for near-infinite energy.  Perfection motivates the only ex-Borg crewmember of Voyager.  Regardless of the task she always does her best to achieve perfection.  I have adopted the idea of the pursuit of perfection.  I have no symbol of God to worship; however, doing my best is the closest I can get to visiting a temple.

# How did explaining the impact of the work go?
I speak about this artifact with a particular passion.  People who work with me know I am driven and when I explain it to new friends I can see some gears clicking into place.  I think everyone understands my obsession and I try to make them feel the emotional impact and what it truly means to me.

# What challenges arose?
If I were to fail in conveying my point, it would most likely be because the listener favors another Star Trek series.  That is a moot point but sometimes people shut their ears when you delve into theory about something they feel is personal and unique to them.  The beauty of my explaination is that it is timeless and you do not need to know about Star Trek in order to understand the significance of my feelings on the topic.  The broadness of the topic and the fact that it promotes the betterment of yourself is a universal message: to find beauty and motivation in everything you do.  The audience's education level, age, gender, cultural background, and relationship to me, are irrelevant.

# How did your explanation change based on your audience’s education level, age, gender, cultural background, relationship to you, and so on?
