# Prompt: Analyze your two chosen artifacts. Then, identify a common theme and compare your examples to one another as expressions of the same theme in different cultural artifacts. To document your analysis and research, you will develop a reference list. In preparation for the presentation you will develop in Theme: Human Culture, you will also consider how you would present your research to a specific audience. Specifically, the following critical elements must be addressed:

# I. Describe the cultural artifacts that you chose. Consider questions such as these in your response: What is the name or title of the artifact? Who is the author or artist? What is the date or time period when the artifact was created? What is the cultural location or physical setting of the artifact? In addition, you could consider including a photograph or image of each cultural artifact, if they are visual artifacts.
My first artifact is Three Ages of Man, a painting by Tiziano Veccellio.  Tiziano was known as Titian by the English.  Three Ages of Man was painted around 1515 in Italy (Bertman, 2001). My second artifact is the painting The Ages of Woman and Death by Hans Baldung Grien. It was painted between 1541 and 1544 in Strasbourg, France (Museo Nacional del Prado, 2019).

`Pictures of both artifacts`

# II. Identify at least one common theme that will serve as the framework of your exploration document. How is the theme expressed in your artifacts?
My theme is temptation and the inevitability of death. This theme is seen in both works in different forms.  Three Ages of Man depicts a young, passionate, couple.  The woman seems to be tempting the man with a pair of flutes.  To the right of them is a trio of children who resemble cupids, perhaps the product of their love.  Adjacent to the children is a man holding a pair of skulls.  This could be the same man as shown on the left or one of the children grown-up holding the skulls of his siblings.  The crisis of the old man is an earthly one.  He has lost those who he loved and is close to death himself.  This is a reflection on the true cost of love.  Behind him stands a church which could be represented of how he lived his life and will be united with his family in death.
The Ages of Woman and Death depicts a ghastly demon whose arm is locked with an old woman.  The old woman is pulling at the clothing of younger woman who is clearly upset.  A tear rolls down her cheek as the old woman is tempting her to join them.  The demon is holding an hourglass and a spear.  At the end of the spear is a child which rests on the ground.  Youth and old age are represented in this painting and temptation in the form of sin unites them.  In the background is Jesus on a cross flying toward the sun.  This is a sign that there is hope for the young woman to change her fate if she can resist temption.

# III. Explain how the theme you identified is related to your personal experience. For instance, you could discuss how the expression of the theme in your cultural artifacts is connected to you personally.
The idea that our actions in life determine the quality of our afterlife is something that I do not believe in; however, I do believe in making good decisions to better the earthly lives of myself and those around me.  In these works by Titian and Grien life is summarized by a few significant snapshots: childhood, adulthood, and old age.  In my experience, the religious symbolism in these peices can simply represent having morals.  It is important to have strong, cealrly-defined, morals and to do the right thing no matter how hard it is.  Regardless of age, we are taught to consider the consequences of our actions and navigate a world that may have blurred lines between right and wrong.  

# IV. Discuss a profession that could be impacted by the theme you identified. In other words, how is the theme you identified related to professional experiences? How could a working knowledge of the humanities be useful in this field?
This message could be useful to a social worker.  Social workers help people who are at a low point in their lives.  Some of this strife is caused by chance and a series of unforunate events but it is my observation that most of the cause of low points in peoples' lives is do to poor decision-making skills.  History repeats itself and people are often stuck in loops that they cannot escape due to bad habits.  It would be useful to have a working knowledge of the humanities to draw comparisions from the past to compare to the occurences in the lives of struggling adults and children.

# V. Describe at least three humanities resources that you could use to investigate your theme and artifacts. Your sources must be relevant to your theme and of an appropriate academic nature. In your description, consider questions such as the following: What are the similarities and differences in the content of your sources? What makes them appropriate and relevant for investigating your issue? What was your thought process when you were searching for sources? How did you make choices? Did you encounter any obstacles and, if so, how did you overcome them? If you did not, why do you think it was so easy to find what you needed?

I chose my sources to support my thesis based on the sections in the prompt.  One of my sources is The National Gallery, London's website.  The National Gallery, London is an accredited gallery of art who, according to their website, support academic research (2020).  I am citing this source because of their short biography of Titian.  This will help with defining the context Three Ages of Man was painted in.  My second source is the Museo Nacional del Prado's website.  It provides details on The Age of Woman and Death including the author, date, and location of the painting.  There is also a short description of the contents of the painting which I will use to provide supporting details for my thesis.  Another source I plan to use is titian.org because they have an image of Three Ages of Man which is hard to find on museum websites due to copyright.  The NYU Langone Medical Center is another source that I plan to cite in my research.  It contains a page that supports the details of my theme and will help drive it home.

# VI. Use the humanities resources that you selected to research your theme and cultural artifacts, making sure that you cite your sources. Based on your research, do the following:
## A. Discuss the relationship between each cultural artifact and its historical context. In other words, what were the circumstances under which each artifact was created?
Cronologically, my artifacts were made about 30 years apart.  Not much changed in terms of day-to-day living between these times.  The world was wrought with disease, famine, and war.  Both works were created "in an age when people died so young" (Bertman, 2001).  These were also times where Christian beliefs were the defining feature of most Italian and French paintings.

## B. Explain the similarities and differences that you observe in the cultural artifacts you selected, in relation to the theme. For instance, do the artifacts contain any symbolism? If so, how are the symbols both similar and different? What do the symbols tell you about each artifact?
There are similarities between the paintings in the religious symbolism.  In Titian's painting there is a church in the background as well as an angelic child.  In Grien's painting there are demons in the distance.  There is also a small image of Jesus on a cross pointing toward the sun.

## C. Discuss the medium—such as literature, music, or sculpture—through which your cultural artifacts were created. For instance, how did the creator or creators of each artifact use the medium to convey something about the meaning of the artifact?
Both creators used painting as a medium.  The painting style is similar and resemble reniassance realism.  The use of literal figures is present in both paintings.  There are wings in Titian's work and devils in Grien's.

# VII. Based on your research, develop a thesis statement that conveys the claim you plan to make about your theme and artifacts. Your thesis statement should be clear, specific, and arguable.
In Titian's Three Ages of Man and Hans Baldung Grien's The Ages of Woman and Death there is a commonality that temptation has a long-term cost.

# VIII. Based on your research, identify an audience that would be interested in your theme and thesis statement. For example, who would benefit most from hearing your message?
As stated above, I believe that professionals working in mental health or individuals overcoming addictions would be interested in my theme and thesis.  There are commonalities between the themes of the paintings and the lfiestyle choices of these demographics.

# IX. Describe how and why you can tailor your message to your audience, providing specific examples based on your research. For example, will your audience understand the terminology and principles used by humanities scholars, or will you need to explain these? How will you communicate effectively with your audience?
I will be able to convey my message by linking my thesis, theme, and life experience together in relevant comparisons.  This way the audience can relate their own lives and experiences with the underlying message of my research.  Ideally this will make them question the significance of the message and in turn create a lasting positive effect on their lives.  I plan to address these messages directly, rather than dancing around it with words.  I appreciate logical, blunt, literature and that is what I plan to deliver.

# X. Provide a reference list that includes all of the humanities resources you used to research your artifacts, theme, and thesis statement. Ensure that your list is formatted according to current APA guidelines (or another format with instructor permission).

Bertman, S. (2001, February 6). Three Ages of Man. Retrieved March 29, 2020, from http://medhum.med.nyu.edu/view/10361

Museo Nacional del Prado (2019). The Ages of Woman and Death - The Collection. Retrieved March 29, 2020, from https://www.museodelprado.es/en/the-collection/art-work/the-ages-of-woman-and-death/d5ef2c3e-48d1-40a8-8bb7-745314a1197c

The National Gallery. (2020). Titian. Retrieved March 29, 2020, from https://www.nationalgallery.org.uk/artists/titian

Three Ages of Man, 1515 by Titian. (2011). Retrieved March 29, 2020, from https://www.titian.org/three-ages-of-man.jsp