# Demonstrate how the various roles on your Scrum-agile Team specifically contributed to the success of the SNHU Travel project. Be sure to use specific examples from your experiences.
The various roles on our Scrum-agile Team specifically contributed to the success of the SNHU Travel project in multiple ways.  First, the Scrum Master me with the Product Owner and client of the SNHU Travel project.  Here he listened to the client and Product Owner speak about the goal of the project which was to create a niche booking system.  After this, he assembled a team and created the Agile Team Charter.  The Scrum Master's main function is to ensure that Scrum events take place.  Ensuring that various Scrum events take place is crucial to the overall success of any development project.  Another crucial role was that of the Product Owner.

The Product Owner identified user requrests and requirements and added them to the product backlog.  While engaging with users or stakeholders it is good to have a clear vision for the roadmap of the product.  User stories will be helpful to convey the wants and needs of the users or stakeholders of the project to the scrum team. This will mainly be the developers since the requirements are mostly regarding code changes.

The developers helped by marrying technology with vision.  They completed the backlogged stories and submitted them to the testers for quality assurance.  The testers were also crucial in refining the end product.  They took the backlogged stories and ran the features through a series of test cases.

# Describe how a Scrum-agile approach to the SDLC helped each of the user stories come to completion. Be sure to use specific examples from your experiences.
The Scrum-agile approach to the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) helped each of the user stories come to completion.  The stories started as a need from the client who described those needs to the Product Owner.  The Product Owner then created stories and put them in the backlog.  The Scrum Master made sure the team kept up with the backlog and completed the stories.  During this time, the stories were open for interpretation by the developers and testers who could freely change the source code to fit the clients needs.  For instance, if the client had changed their mind and sent an email asking to tweak one of the needs, the team would quickly be able to adapt.  Working within a timeframe in order to complete these stories with clearly-defined intention was helpful in bringing all of the user stories to completeion.

# Describe how a Scrum-agile approach supported project completion when the project was interrupted and changed direction. Be sure to use specific examples from your experiences.
A Scrum-agile approach supported project completion when the project was interrupted and changed direction.  An instance of this was during the testing phase when the test cases had to be revised.  Our testers needed more information from the Product Owner in order to properly test the new features of our application.  

# Demonstrate your ability to communicate effectively with your team by providing samples of your communication. Be sure to explain why your examples were effective in their context and how they encouraged collaboration among team members.
There were several example of effective communication within the SNHU Travel project.  The first was obviously the initial interaction between the client, Product Owner, and Scrum Master.  They were effective in identifying the actual vision of the product.  As far as impromtu communications, the first example of this was the tester asking for clarification on test case requirements.  The testers also send out an internal email asking how to set up their development environment.  This was an important step in fulfilling testing and the ask of the communication was required for product completion.  Another example of an internal communication was from the developer to the testers and product owner.  The developer stated that new changes were made and additional testing had to be completed, after which the Product Owner would be able to review the product.  Communication is important when you have deliverables as a team.

# Evaluate the organizational tools and Scrum-agile principles that helped your team be successful. Be sure to reference the Scrum events in relation to the effectiveness of the tools.
The Scrum-agile principles helped my team be successful from the start of the project in the form of the charter.  This charter defined the vision, mission statement, team roles, and more, in a concise and straightforward manner.  After that, every role within the team had clear expectiations of one another and knew what we were working toward.  Daily scrum meeting were another helpful principle that kept us moving in the same direction by providing updates on what was done, what we were doing, and blocks.  The organization of stories was also helpful.  Stories provided the details we needed to complete our jobs perfectly-- and if they didn't, we could ask for more information.

# Assess the effectiveness of the Scrum-agile approach for the SNHU Travel project. Be sure to address each of the following:
# Describe the pros and cons that the Scrum-agile approach presented during the project.
The Scrum-agile approach presented during the project had pros and cons.  The biggest pro was that it allowed us to meet deliverables quickly and efficiently.  We also were able to adapt our project in real-time based on customer feedback.  One of the cons was that despite clearly-defined roles, sometimes it seemed faster to reach out directly to a customer rather than through the Product Owner/Scrum Master.  This kind of scope creep can be a little confusing when it occurs during development.

# Determine whether or not a Scrum-agile approach was the best approach for the SNHU Travel development project.
In my humble opinion, the Scrum-agile approach was the best approach for the SNHU Travel development project due to the fact that our timeline was short and our team was small.  Most of our cons were due to the fact of the small size of our product.  For instance, we were only allowed to meet deliverables quickly due to the fact that we had a small group of people and were using the Scrum-agile approach.  In contrast, if one of our teammates had left the company during this time we would have had a significant increase in workload across our team.
